 **What projects are included?**

- ***Chinese Game***: implementation of The Chinese Game. It's a game of chance that involves trying to guess the total number of coins that several players (at least two) keep in their closed hand. Three coins per player are used and players can take out 0, 1, 2, or 3 coins.

- ***Simon Says***: an electronic game, created by Ralph Baer, that consists of reproducing a sequence of colors, with their corresponding sounds, which are randomly generated by the machine. Once the original sequence is played, the user must repeat the same sequence generated by the machine by pressing the corresponding buttons (colors).

- ***Solitaire***: the solitaire known as Solitaire or Senku is an abstract board game typically played on a board with holes and pegs or balls that are placed in these holes. The goal of the game is to eliminate all pieces, leaving only one on the board. Although I implemented a variant of this solitaire where the last piece must end up in a specific square.

- ***Online Game Manager***: development of a 2-player game manager (specifically for Connect 4) that allows new users to register, and registered users to search for opponents to start a game, and play ongoing games. In this game mode, each user connects when they want to play, being able to have several games in progress simultaneously, up to an established maximum.

- ***Online Game Manager 2.0***: instead of generating the access list to ongoing games for all users when starting the manager, it will only be generated for the session user. And it's in the manager where the access list to ongoing games for the session user will be maintained, rather than for each user.